shado put your boobs away all right
they're all up in my face that escalated
quickly whoa whoa okay actually hungry
are you hungry for my D oh it's kind of
cute that you couldn't even say cock or
dick but he works my mom says I can they
use those words I have to say
tallywacker how big are your boobies
oh you want me to see if I can find it
this time it's right there okay still
just still can't see anything
you do this to me it's right there are
you sure touching my nipples right now
umm shadow let me try one more time oh
you make fun of me I'm not making fun of
you I'm genuinely looking for it you're
lying
can you see it Jamie I can't see it no
it's completely flat jittery what the
fuck I just asked for Jamie's help I
promise you there's something there
shadow teach me how to pick up fat you
girls let's just get this straight the
only thing fat on me is my dick alright
I've seen it I thought you were used to
taking at least 3 dicks oh man I am NOT
just trying to friend zone I mean you
know I'd rather be friends you know well
I want to damage you impregnate you and
then give you back oh right either sorry
dear tits ever fall onto you sure all
this time I'm gonna be just sweetly on
it like you they just go crazy go flying
all over the place just popping out
sometimes they forget broad yeah I think
it doesn't really complain them I would
think he wouldn't complain about that I
think any man with a brain wouldn't oh
my god you would put your boobs away
yeah we all know you want it what to do
did you pull your Weena's too hard again
yeah I was jerking my wenis my wenis is
on its period oh oh I can make my dick
flop I like boys we know that you taught
me in a corner and whipped it out what
the fuck am i listening to